Update interoperability.md on doc site (#1220)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/concepts/interoperability.md

mediator_a -- Request\nfa:fa-arrow-right --- openhim
mediator_b -- Channel\nfa:fa-arrow-left --- openhim
```

> OpenHIM was utilised as the middleware component with [Mediators](http://openhim.org/docs/configuration/mediators/) to do the conversion. [Outbound Push](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/apps/reference/app-settings/outbound/) is configured to make a request to the middleware when relevant documents are created or modified in the CHT. A Mediator then creates a FHIR resource, which is then routed to OpenHIM. OpenHIM routes the resource to any other configured systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenHIM was utilised as the middleware component with [Mediators](http://openhim.org/docs/configuration/mediators/) to do the conversion. [Outbound Push]({{< ref "apps/reference/app-settings/outbound" >}}) is configured to make a request to the middleware when relevant documents are created or modified in the CHT. A Mediator then creates a FHIR resource, which is then routed to OpenHIM. OpenHIM routes the resource to any other configured systems.
```

> Conversely to bring data into the CHT, OpenHIM is configured to route the updated resource to the Mediator, which then calls the relevant [CHT APIs](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/apps/reference/api/) to update the document in the CHT database. This will then be replicated to users’ devices as per usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversely to bring data into the CHT, OpenHIM is configured to route the updated resource to the Mediator, which then calls the relevant [CHT APIs]({{< ref "apps/reference/api" >}}) to update the document in the CHT database. This will then be replicated to users’ devices as per usual.
```
